SUBS BY WILLIAM BENDER
CONTACT : WiLLiAMBNDR2024@GMAiL.COM
Ever since you...
You're the only person that I've ever...
Sorry ! It's stupid.
I don't talk like this.
No. it's okay.
I feel like I'm coming apart.
I think about you all the time. Nikki.
When I try not to.
You're in every song I listen to.
You were the only person that was nice to me when I moved here.
And at first I thought maybe you...
Well. I realized who you are.
And then after Nana passed. you were the one that called.
Even when I didn't have anything to say and we just sat there.
So I keep telling myself. don't tell her. she's too good.
And she'll...
You'll lose her.
But maybe you should know...
That I would choose you over everything.
That's amazing.
No. stop.
Okay. that was cringy.
Oh my god. I knew it.
I am so sorry.
I thought that was sweet.
No. I'm not doing it again. dude.
That was so embarrassing.
Yeah. that would freak...
That freaked me out.
You told me to pour my heart out.
Do you know how vulnerable I just got?
I underestimated you.
What if you got her something nice?
No. don't get her anything.
Dude. you gotta be less...
Way less sappy with Nikki. okay?
She doesn't like that shit.
She doesn't.
Flowers. a candy that she said she likes.
Okay.
Thank you.
What?
You want me to go?
If you want.
I'm sorry I made you do that.
No. it's okay. you're okay.
You're good.
Oh my god. dude. that was so embarrassing.
Can we meet you?
Thank god I did it.
That was awful.
Thank you for that.
Have you ever actually flirted with Nikki?
Invite romance.
Invite romance?
Tease her.
Be playfully mean with her.
Be mean to her.
Playfully mean. yeah. but bring up freaky Nikki.
You want me to call her freaky Nikki?
You know she's sensitive about that.
Remember when you used to get bullied and everybody called you freaky Nikki?
She'd be like. oh my god.
You know. Bear. that was so long ago.
No. please.
And that will. like. take her breath away.
Just say. Nikki. I think we should grab a drink sometime.
Yeah. let's grab a drink sometime.
She always invites you.
I asked you guys not to come to Trivia for one night.
You can't ask her out at Trivia. Bear.
I'm not gonna let you.
It's a good. organic time to ask.
I love Trivia night.
It's all I have.
I wake up every Wednesday. rock hard. thinking about Trivia.
Don't mind us.
You can't turn our weekly gathering of camaraderie and skill into your seven-year-late thrombosal. Bear.
Then when do I ask?
Any other time.
All you have is time.
If she means this much to you. and I know she does. wait.
Do it at the right time.
Okay.
Hey. I'll wait.
I'll do it right.
Now say it with me.
All you have is time.
Sandy?
No.
No. no. no. no.
Oh. no. no.
No. no.
Oh. shit.
How did you get into these?
Why?
Hey.
Wow. you are so lucky.
Tay was so busy.
I needed a good day off.
Oh. yeah.
You know I do.
Oh. what time are you showing up tonight?
I want to secure the spot early.
Oh.
I'll...
I don't think I'm going to make it tonight. actually.
Aw. Bear. no.
We need your brain.
We've got to beat the rag tags this week.
Well. I mean...
I...
I don't think I can tonight.
I'm just catching up on some stuff.
I was going to tell you something.
What?
I mean. should I. like. tell you now?
Yeah.
What?
Yeah. so I'm putting in my two ladies.
Really?
How come?
I don't know.
Yeah. we're kind of running out of time there. so. um...
You know. you might want to skip that stuff you're working on.
You're right.
Tonight's the night.
Shit!
God damn it!
Are you okay?
No. I just dropped my crystal necklace down the drain.
Oh. shit.
Sorry.
Why would she even say that?
Hey. we're closing soon. so let me know if you need anything.
Oh. okay.
Thank you.
Yeah. I know.
Ryan was saying that. too. so I'm not the only one.
I know.
Hey. sorry. I do need help.
Do you have crystal necklaces?
Yeah. here. let me show you.
No. honestly. because that's what I was saying before.
Like. what?
What are you even talking about?
Oh. my God. that's crazy.
What?
No.
Hold on a second.
This is all we have.
Yeah. each rock has its own kind of unique energy and whatever.
so the amethyst is for calmness. clarity. and then the rose quartz attracts. like. love and shit.
It's one that's. like. good energy.
Like. good vibes.
Probably the citrine.
I mean. it's basically sunshine and a rock.
Okay. thanks.
Yeah. let me know if you need anything else.
Sunshine and a rock.
Well. yesterday at lunch. Becca was being. like. such a. yeah.
I can't even hate that.
No. that's what I'm saying.
And then her running away.
I like this.
Yeah. well. they've been pretty popular since we put them out.
You know. everybody wants a wish.
Well. it's not for me. so...
Okay. well. don't come back complaining.
Do people complain about these?
Well. they're kind of. like. collectible. so some people don't open them.
but the people who do. you know. come back and complain.
Because it's a scam?
Hey. man. we're not scammers.
No. no. I don't mean that you're a scammer. but just. like. why do they complain?
Because they're mad?
Because it doesn't work?
Yeah. or whatever.
Or it does work. and it. like. ruins their lives.
Or they die.
I wish they were dead.
We're good.
Yeah. you did write a review.
This is gonna be so bad.
I know. but...
Look. I'm the one that has to go home and hear my dad complain about my friends all night.
I'm just asking you to pretend like you're working.
I mean. it's easy for you to say when you're waiting for tattoo school.
It's art school. and I haven't gotten in yet.
I thought you got into Luther.
No. I said I want to go to Luther.
Sorry. I didn't still have a shot.
Good.
Sorry. I just don't want you to get in trouble.
I know. babe.
I love you.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
Uh. you're just messing with me.
I look over. and these two are just...
What the shit?
Hey. can we focus up?
This is very serious to me.
Great idea.
Thank you.
What the fuck are you guys doing?
Four shots of tea. please.
Anything else?
I'll get a pina colada.
Pina colada?
Don't make fun of my drink.
What?
I'm like a man who's in touch with his feminine self.
Why is it feminine?
I don't like the taste of the alcohol.
Yeah. well. get your juice.
Wow.
Wait. so what was the important stuff on the phone today?
A lot.
I did a lot of really important things.
That?
Cleaned.
I did my taxes.
I did...
You watch TV all day.
Yeah. that's all I do.
So. uh. I was thinking...
Got a card for the shots?
Uh. yes.
I got it.
Oh. that's fine.
Yes.
I said I got it.
You got a big dipper. Matt.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Um...
Anyway. um...
I went to the store...
Open or close?
Oh. open. babe.
I was just trying to say that I...
You said you dropped your...
Sarah just told me that her dad keeps a gun in the break room safe.
Wow.
Are you serious?
Dead serious.
I feel like he. like. should've mentioned that or something.
Not if it's locked away. it's fine.
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
Um. you were saying something.
Yeah. what were you saying?
I was just saying...
Um. I...
Yeah. I'll just...
I'll tell you later.
I went to the store...
So you realize we were all taking a field trip to the bar.
Oh. my God.
All right.
What are we cheersing to?
To Sandy.
Oh.
All right.
Let's get these buffers on.
Yeah. I'm looking at you.
Here we go.
Why to Sandy?
He died.
What?
Sandy died.
Yeah.
Really?
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
Oh.
News bags.
We're going to Greedo's.
No. please. I just want to go home.
You're saying no to karaoke?
I'm saying no to bad singers and stinky tabletops when I just want to go home and sleep.
All right. so who's going to dance when I send Shady the whole joint?
Who's going to dance when I send Shady the whole joint?
Wait. Ian.
Let's try doing that.
Fuck that.
Sarah will sing. give me a G.
What the fuck is that?
No. Sarah sucks.
Can you just roll?
Take me home.
I just want to go to bed.
I had a long day.
I don't want to go to the next fucking bar with you guys.
We can drop her off on the way.
I can take you home.
You're a real piece of work. man.
Thank you.
Fuck that.
Too tired.
Does anybody have cash?
I think I have a twenty.
I'll pay you back.
Can't have it.
Great. just bought a guy's hairline for the week.
All right. Bear. you ready?
Good night. guys.
Okay.
Jesus.
You know what I'm saying?
Ian. get your girl home safe.
Ew. don't say it like that.
See you later. Bear.
All right. Bear. let's get the fuck out of here.
All right. let's go.
Fuck these losers.
Let's go get fucked up.
Yeah. Bear. fuck you.
Sorry about your cat. Bear.
It's okay.
Okay.
Well. it's not. but...
I don't think it's. like. hit me yet.
You know you can always call me when it does.
I know.
It's gonna be weird not seeing you every day.
I'm not happy either.
I mean. it's just a job. Nikki.
Yeah. well. I want to write.
I mean. you are.
No.
I feel like I need a big life change.
I'm not feeling love. and I want to feel love because I want to bring a story to life.
Oh. so it's a romance.
No. it's not a romance.
It's a love story.
Isn't that the same thing?
You know. you're the only person that I get to really talk to about this stuff.
You are. too.
Especially at work.
You're not a complete brick wall.
Oh.
Don't let me forget.
I...
I got you something.
What?
You'll see.
Ew. no.
Why does that make me nervous?
I don't know.
That's an odd reaction.
You know. Sarah's asking about your old A&F.
How do you feel about that?
You're asking if I have feelings for Sarah?
I'm asking how you feel about Sarah. and if how you feel about her is having a crush on her.
then that would be how you feel.
I like her as a friend.
God.
She's so fucking obvious.
Yeah. she is.
When I have a crush on a guy. no one knows.
Goodnight.
Nikki. wait.
What?
I was gonna ask you. um...
I lost my train of thought.
Goodnight.
Hey. do you remember in Mr. Lando's class when. uh. I forgot my mouthpiece?
And he was. like. in a really pissy mood that day. and he told me he had an extra one.
And then you gave me yours. but. like...
Here. Lando liked me.
You're on the ice.
Goodnight.
Night. Freaky Nikki.
Ew. don't call me that.
I know. I was kidding.
You know I don't like that.
Sorry.
I know I'm sorry.
Do you like me?
What?
Because if you do. now's the time to tell me.
I...
I think we're good friends.
Okay.
Good.
Goodnight.
Oh. fuck.
Why?
What the fuck?
I don't know.
One wish will...
Maybe if you're friends. you only get one wish.
I wish Nikki Freeman loved me more than anyone in the fucking world.
What the fuck ? Oh. shit.
Um...
Hey. I just...
And I pulled through.
You said you had something for me?
Um...
Yeah.
I left it at home.
Okay.
Um...
I can bring it to work tomorrow.
Oh. okay.
Okay.
Goodnight.
Maybe you want to come inside?
I mean. I did just lose my cat there.
You lost your cat?
Oh. wait.
Uh...
I mean. you lost your cat.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Do you...
Should we...
Do you want to come inside?
Or...
Nikki?
Are you okay?
Am I okay because of the cat?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm fine.
Why don't you come inside and we can have some drinks and talk about your cat?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Nikki. I'm confused.
I think you're drunk.
No. I'm not.
Wait. what the fuck?
What the fuck?
Are you okay?
I'm acting so weird.
This is so weird.
What the fuck?
No!
No. no.
What are you doing?
Come on.
What the fuck?
Actually. no.
What are you doing?
I know what you're trying to do.
Oh. no.
What the fuck?
Nikki. no.
Why are you getting in my car?
Let's go to your place.
You are honestly freaking me out.
Oh. God. no.
I have never seen you act like this before.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I must be...
Pretty fucked up.
Yes. I know.
Which is why I think you should go home.
Take this up tomorrow.
I can't do that.
I just don't know if I can be alone right now.
Why?
My dad's dying.
Nikki. no.
I'm so sorry.
I just took one step inside my house and I couldn't.
Can we go. please?
Where do you want to go?
Oh.
This is it.
It's. uh...
It's bigger than your last place.
Yeah.
It's grandma's.
I got to keep it.
Oh. my God.
It smells like you.
What do you mean?
Does it smell bad?
No.
No. just you.
It's nice.
I like it here.
Let me know if you need. like. water or towels or. I don't know. Advil or something.
Okay?
I'm sorry I was weird.
No. no need to apologize.
Just. um. take all the space or time that you need.
Okay?
Goodnight.
Wait.
Yeah?
Can you sleep with me?
Please?
Um...
Please. I just. I'll get out of my head all night and stare at the ceiling.
Please?
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Given the circumstances.
God. I needed this.
Really?
Yeah.
Why?
I'm really sorry about your character.
I think I got my feet on that one.
Wait.
What the fuck?
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
You kissed me.
What the fuck was that?
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No. no. no. no. Nikki. what the fuck was that?
I don't know. I just. can we. can we sleep?
I'm sorry.
You don't have to be sorry. it's just...
Shit. you made me feel like I did something you didn't like.
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I just. I thought I saw something.
Oh. my God. shit.
It was a panic attack.
What?
Really?
Yeah.
I'm just so...
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
What were you doing?
I was just going to the bathroom.
Can you lay with me?
I don't know. Nikki.
Please.
Oh. no.
No. you're supposed to like it.
It's a memorial.
I know.
No. it's fucked up.
Well. I don't know if it's fucked.
It's weird.
No. it is.
Oh. Nikki.
What?
Show me the plug in keyboards that isn't working because I don't want to give some Karen an excuse to...
Don't say Karen.
No. but isn't that someone that says no?
No. Carter. you can say that.
Oh. wow.
Just go.
Okay.
What the fuck?
What the fuck happened last night?
The crazy fucking night that I just had. dude.
You fucked Nikki. you dog.
No. what did you say to her?
I didn't fuck her. dude.
I just saw you come in together.
Did she sleep over?
By the way. you gotta clock in.
What are you afraid of?
Sarah?
Just pretend like we're...
Laugh.
I think Nikki is going through something.
What?
I don't know. dude.
She was acting super fucking weird.
Like what?
Is she okay?
Did she tell you what's wrong?
Sort of. but I think there's more.
Well. what the fuck is it?
I'm gonna let her tell you.
Don't fucking bring it up and then don't tell me. you fucking asshole.
Her dad has cancer.
Really?
That's what she told me.
Her dad in Washington that she doesn't care about.
It still hurts. I guess.
I don't know.
But I think there's more than that.
I think she's having a mental breakdown or something.
She would freak out and then she would snap back to having it.
What the fuck?
Are you joking?
She was kissing me and crying.
You told her how you felt and then...
I didn't tell her.
What?
She was kissing you.
That's what I'm saying.
How exactly does that make sense?
I don't know. dude.
I think she needs serious help.
And she was crying?
Yes. and then she would snap back to normal.
It was terrifying.
It was psychotic.
And then she wanted me to cuddle and sleep with her.
Did you?
No.
She did though.
She was freaking me out.
I think she was on Molly again.
I don't think.
Yeah. dude.
It sounds like she was on fucking Molly.
Me?
Go to the doctor.
She's still...
Yeah. don't worry.
She's okay.
Just chill the fuck out.
Hey. babe.
Sarah. honey.
Alright. come on. guys.
Big day today.
Dude. I need a fucking drink after that shit.
That was fucking insane.
Hold you.
I'm calling it a night.
Thank you.
See you.
I don't know if I can take you home today.
I'm just grabbing my books.
Alright.
Ready?
Yep.
Hold on.
Excuse me.
Are you going to take her?
Yeah. I'm going to take her.
Are you good?
Trust me.
Bye. guys.
See you.
I looked at like three different websites.
Yeah.
I think she was...
Did you talk to her?
Yeah. I did.
What did she say?
She's good.
Everything's good.
She wasn't looking at you or anything.
She was staring at me.
Maybe.
I was just talking to her.
She was looking at both of us.
It looked like we were talking about her.
That explains that you guys walked into each other.
Maybe don't.
It sounds like you're going to talk to her.
Bear.
Hey. Bear.
Hey.
I had to shower and I didn't know what to wear.
For what?
I'm really sorry about last night.
No.
Ian told me you were freaked out.
I'm just glad I could be there. I guess.
Yeah.
I probably shouldn't have taken anything.
So...
I was on MDMA.
And...
Wasted.
That's okay.
Do you...
Remember...
Stuff?
Some of it.
I mean...
So if I was weird. that's why.
And my dad made me a mess.
And so I did things I probably wouldn't have done otherwise.
And I'm not saying that you took advantage of me.
Nikki. I didn't know you were on drugs.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm not saying that.
You're not saying what?
You took advantage of me.
I don't think...
I didn't.
I know. that's why I'm saying you didn't.
Okay. good.
I just. um...
Don't like to...
I really like what we have.
And I want to be honest about some things.
And it's really important for me...
It's okay.
You know. I get it.
I get it.
I know you like me. Bear.
I...
No. I...
Why do you like me?
Would it freak you out if I said yes?
How long have you felt that way?
It's just happened over time.
It started during Christmas. and...
I don't know. it just...
Then last night. I saw what we could...
Do you have feelings for me?
Yeah. I do.
And then you leaned in and you whispered. I'll be in your bed.
I'll be in your bed.
You're done. dude.
Do you mind not talking about that?
Okay.
So. what do you...
Want to do?
I mean. I've never really asked.
Well. that's not all your fault.
I mean. kind of private. I guess.
You guess?
I've been told.
By who?
Ian.
You.
Actually. you told me that once.
I did?
You called me a closed book.
Well. I guess the good thing about a closed book is I get to read it from the start.
You're a food critic or something.
You put ketchup on your steak.
I'll come in. they'll be like. hey. aren't you the food guy?
And I'll say. please. call me Three By Bailey.
And then they will serve me a four-course meal. and I'll pull out my wallet.
and they'll say. no. no. no. sir. please. tonight. on the house.
And then I get paid.
Is that how that goes?
I actually don't know.
You're my little food critic.
What's the verdict on this bread?
This bread?
Oh.
Slightly stale. but the butter makes up for that shit.
Profound.
That'll be $100.
We'll see.
Sorry.
It's the second time he's called.
We'll be right back.
What is it. dude?
I'm busy.
How's it going. Nicky?
What do you want?
Okay. so...
What is it?
I'm not going to tell Sarah about this because I don't want to spread drama.
I looked into Nicky's dad having cancer. and he's healthy as a baby.
He's been to work. like. every day.
Why would she lie about that. Ian?
I don't know.
For attention.
I called the hospital she told me about. and they didn't even know who I was talking about.
Look. you know I always got your back on this stuff.
Apparently. Nicky and Sarah had a conversation about you that day you weren't in. and...
Nicky said she just thought of you like her little brother. or. you know. and she. like. friend-zoned you.
And. look. that may suck to hear. but I just think you gotta know because. I don't know.
I think she has some kind of ill intentions or something freaking mental is going on. man.
And maybe Sarah's jealous and made that up. but. like. even if you take that out of the equation. this is strange.
Dude. it's like Nicky snapped into a different person and she's just a little silly imagining it with you.
Nicky. do you...
What?
Never mind.
I have something for you.
What is it?
Um...
Open it.
It's a...
it's a tiger's eye.
Wow.
It was my mom's. and then it was mine.
It's supposed to bring you confidence and willpower. so...
now you can be a food critic.
Why are you giving it to me?
Bear. I love you so. so. so. so. so much.
I don't think I could live without you.
You love me more than anyone in the world?
Yes. more than anyone.
Nicky?
Yeah?
Does your dad really have cancer?
No. no. no.
What?
No. no. no. no. no.
I thought we were having a nice date!
We are. we are.
Why does it matter if not we were having a nice date?
It's okay.
We are.
Then why does it matter?
What does it matter to me?
It's amazing. baby.
Yeah.
Nicky?
You're back to sleep.
What are you doing?
Wearing my sweater off.
Smells like you.
Can you come back to bed?
No.
Nicky?
I don't like my dream.
I feel like you don't love me as much as I do.
Like it's not mutual.
No. I do.
Just come back to bed.
Please?
Why don't you love me?
Nicky?
Nicky. where are you?
What?
Nicky. what are you doing?
Nicky?
For Sandy. okay?
Stan!
Morning.
Yeah?
Did you cut my hair?
Yeah.
Let's not do that.
Okay.
Packed you lunch.
Can we talk about last night?
I know.
It's kind of weird. right?
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Okay.
Good. because if I'm being honest. it was kind of terrifying.
Oh my God. so sorry.
I had a bad dream. and I just...
You what?
How's this?
I'm great.
Okay.
Listen. Nicky...
Come here.
Thank you.
Listen.
I love you.
So. so. so. so...
Okay. good.
So. will you promise me something?
Yes!
No more weird stuff.
All right?
No more watching me while I sleep. or. like. moving weird.
Okay.
All right?
I super promise. and I'm so sorry that it even happened.
Okay.
So. we're good?
We're good.
Great.
All right.
Oh. God. I'm gonna miss you.
I wish I was scheduled today.
No. no. no. just enjoy your day off.
Maybe I can pop by?
No. no. just make yourself at home.
Love you.
If you're having trouble with the door. maybe you should just stay home.
Oh. I got it.
Bye. Nick.
Why is everyone so entitled these days?
Like. people have no patience.
It was so clear I was busy. and they won't stop pestering me.
What the fuck is that?
Inside joke.
You going to Ian's thing tonight?
First I've heard.
Well?
Well. what?
I heard what you told Ian.
About what?
Oh. Nicky.
Oh. she friends with me.
I don't know what Nicky said in the past. but...
I mean. we literally talked about it once.
I just think that it's weird how you two are dating all of a sudden.
Like. super dating.
I don't know. Sarah.
Look. I couldn't care less whatever game Nicky is playing.
I just don't want you to get hurt.
What is your problem with Nicky?
And if Ian's gonna spread my shit. then you should know. he and I...
We got another one.
God. I'm nervous.
Please. God.
Well. you gotta get in somewhere else.
I know.
You know?
Okay.
Get back to work.
This is what I get for being such a fucker in high school. huh?
Is that...
your...
the last one?
No. one more.
Loser.
You can give me a tattoo if that's cool.
Thanks.
It has to be small and in a hidden location.
Your lip smells weird.
Oops.
Jesus.
My little food critic.
What are you doing?
Well. what's the verdict on Kat?
What?
What does that mean?
What's the verdict. Kat?
What's that mean?
What does that mean?
That is so fucking weird.
Bear. what does that mean?
Bear. what is it?
I ain't Bear.
Oh. my God.
Bear. are you okay?
Dad.
Bear. what does that mean?
I'm sorry. Joe.
Bear.
Yo. can I get a ride home?
Where's your car?
I had to Uber today.
Check-in tonight.
I was gonna run some errands.
Well. whatever.
So. we're gonna talk about you and Nikki?
What about it?
You come to me. saying Nikki's having like some fucking crazy mental breakdown or something.
and that she needs to get help. and now you're acting like. oh. no. no.
We're in love.
She's fucking fine.
She was on drugs.
Nikki is literally fine.
Okay. can you just please break this down for me?
I'm not gonna break it down for you.
I don't want to break down our relationship.
Lying about her dad.
I mean. you have to admit that.
Anyway. I heard you're having a party tonight.
Don't change the subject.
Why didn't you invite us?
Oh. oh. so now you're an us.
Well. why didn't you invite me?
Don't change the subject.
I'm not gonna invite you two to my place.
Why not?
Because. it kind of looks like Nikki's going through something.
and it kind of looks like you're taking advantage of the situation. and I say it with love. bro.
I'm saying it with love.
I'm on your side. but it's a bad look.
What do you think this is gonna look like?
Why are you trying to ruin something good?
It's a bad look. man.
That's so unfair. dude.
She's the one who won't leave me alone.
Fine.
Do you want to come over tonight?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Nikki can't come.
Dude. no.
It's a boys' night.
Great.
I'm sure she'll be fine with it.
I'll text Sarah not to come. and that should be completely fine. because if the relationship is healthy.
and it's not built on some codependency. dad dying. not dying. what the fuck ever.
then she should be completely. she should have no fucking problem with you coming to a boys' night.
I'm totally fine with it. too.
You are fine with it.
Nikki. I'm very upset.
You can't cook the cat.
You can't cook the cat. okay?
I'm going to hang out with Ian tonight.
I'll be home alone.
Okay.
Um...
Hello?
Hey.
What's up?
Um. is this One Wish Willow?
Yeah.
Okay. um...
Okay. I was calling to see if there's a way I can alter a wish.
I'd like to cancel your wish.
No. no. no. no.
It's okay to keep the...
I just want to know if I can. like. alter it a little.
I'm sorry. we don't really do that.
If you have any questions about how the wish works...
Is it even real?
Yeah. it's real.
No. I know that the...
Is her love real?
Just because you chose this for her doesn't make it less real.
Okay. then I would like to cancel.
Yes. yeah. a cancel request.
We don't really do that.
What?
You were just making it sound like I could put in a request.
I was just guessing your intention. man.
What the hell?
What can I do then?
So she's just fucked forever?
Well. yeah. I mean. as long as you live.
As long as I live?
I mean. when you die. the wish will go away.
You're sure there's nothing else I can do?
Yeah. I mean. as long as you live.
Sounds to me like you have a moral obligation to be there for her.
Okay. but wait.
She does this thing where she's like...
Freaks out.
What is that?
Do you want to talk to her?
What?
Who?
Who is that?
Oh. shit!
What happened?
What?
What the fuck happened?
I don't know what to do.
Do you need like a...
God. I...
It's okay.
I'm disgusting.
Do you have a seizure or something?
What happened?
I ate a bug or I have a stomach bug. I think.
Okay. I don't know what to do.
I was just waiting for you to come home.
Oh my God. I'm disgusting.
Maybe you should...
I'll shower.
Let's go shower. okay?
I'll clean it up.
It's okay.
You can...
I'll go shower.
Yeah.
And I'll clean it up.
I promise.
You can...
It's okay.
Um. Nikki?
We talked about this.
Did you cook the cat?
Nikki. you can't do that.
I am very upset about that.
Okay. honey.
Hey. listen. um...
Ian invited me to a boys' night tonight.
Okay.
So I think I'm just gonna go to that.
If that's okay with you.
Go to the boys' night?
Yeah.
I can get dressed to go with you.
Oh. man. that sounds great.
Yeah. let me finish showering.
It's just that. um...
Ian said it was a boys' night.
So I think maybe I'll just go.
God. that's so weird.
Because Sarah was telling me that she's going.
Okay. well. I'll just stay here then.
I mean. if Sarah's going...
No. no. no.
No. you know what?
I think you should come.
I really want you to come.
I knew you were gonna bring her.
I fucking knew it.
Did she guilt you?
She didn't guilt me.
Shut the fuck up.
You couldn't be without her for three fucking hours.
Sarah invited her.
What was I supposed to do?
Sure.
You told me you weren't going to invite Sarah.
Sarah did something wrong.
Dr. Wayne.
Holy shit.
Hey.
Fucking hands up.
My mom's trying. asshole.
Okay. he's back there.
He's back there.
Ooh. someone's here.
Okay.
Choose someone to drink every time you do for the next three rounds.
Hey. you're going down with this shit. man.
You ain't gonna choose.
That's what it says right there.
Bear. I want to sit next to nikki.
Oh. it's okay. darling.
Oh. it's okay.
Hey. Sparrow kind of spilled your butt on her.
So true.
It's your turn.
Go.
The air was charged by the distant call of a nightmare.
His face was obscured. but I knew he was looking at my chest.
Each side stretching. recently matured to different sizes.
And so. come lie with me like the old woman told us when we were children.
I said.
He closed the door and leaned against it.
You're not my wife.
Bear.
He said.
I'm more than your wife.
I'm your sister.
Pencil flinched and reached for the door handle.
I knew he would not leave this place.
He would relent and choose to be inside me like he had many nights before.
If not. I would fillet his meaty forearm.
All went like a stick of licorice and insert the flesh between my legs.
Hansel is my soul.
Only the branch of a willow tree could conjure.
Brother. you will be inside me tonight.
New book I'm working on.
About strength.
It's your turn. Joe.
Uh. Sluice is best with Darren. so it's his turn now.
Oh. shit.
Okay.
kiss the person on your left.
No.
No one on this earth will ever comprehend what it feels like to love someone as much as I love you.
And everyone in this room will die.
Never feeling the strength of connection I have felt with my bear.
Becky.
Are you okay?
I'm just kidding. guys.
I'm just kidding.
Come on. it's a joke.
I'm just joking.
Okay. fine.
I'm not joking.
Deal with it.
Anybody want any jello shots?
I'll take one.
Thank you.
Roger.
Yep.
Cool.
Any of the Tigers?
Answer me!
- Get her to the hospital.
- I''m so sorry.
Bear ? Get up asshole !
What are you doing?
Just going to the bathroom. Nikki.
Okay?
Can I stand outside?
Why did you do this?
I know.
Why did you act like that tonight?
Nikki. you're scaring everyone.
I don't know why I did it.
You're scaring yourself.
I'm sorry.
Look at your face.
I know Sarah likes you.
That's...
That's what...
What?
That's just...
I'm fucking...
Everything was normal.
Everything was good.
You were so...
I'm sorry.
Look. you're so beautiful.
And you are normal.
But this is not...
This isn't okay. Nikki.
Do you like me?
What?
I...
No.
Do you...
Do you like me?
Do you even like me at all?
Is...
Is Nikki back?
Does Nikki like me?
Yeah.
I'm your freaky Nikki.
No.
What are you doing?
I'm going to the bathroom. Nikki.
Can I do that?
Can you tell me you love me?
This is all I've ever wanted.
Me too.
No. it's not.
Yes. it is.
Yes. it is. Vera.
It's always been you.
I want this to work so bad.
No.
No. it can't.
It can't.
Okay.
Then...
Do you need to go home for one night?
Or...
And...
We need to. like. take some space from each other.
Okay.
I...
I love you. brother.
Just be normal. Nikki.
I can't be Nikki.
Just be Nikki.
I can't.
I can't be Nikki.
No.
Don't say that.
I just need you to love me.
Oh.
Well. listen.
Well. let's say that I just want you to act like Nikki.
I'll be...
Let me be Nikki.
You're not being Nikki.
I can't be Nikki.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
It's not real.
I love you. too.
Don't be scared.
I would never hurt you.
I'm sorry.
No. Nikki!
You're scaring me!
Bed for yourself tonight.
And I'll just go to sleep again.
I'll come back right in the morning.
Nikki. what are you doing?
Well. if I have the bed all to myself tonight. I'll lay there warm until slowly I feel cold.
like I walked into a freezer.
My hands will feel like they're full of sand. like when you lay on them wrong.
And that feeling will slowly spread across my entire body.
You're still in my heart. but you're slipping.
Any thought of pain or regret will slip away like a chemical switch.
Even though it's quiet in the room. somehow it gets even quieter.
It's not painful.
You just let go of everything you want to work.
And then there's nothing.
It's not darkness.
No. sweetie.
Darkness is a color.
There's just nothing.
Nothing.
Or you could stay.
Nikki.
There.
I'm just getting water.
Kill me. please.
What?
She's sleeping.
It's me.
You are you. Nikki.
Please don't wake her up.
Just kill me.
What would be so bad?
What's so bad about being with me?
I've never been with you. Ben.
I didn't know you still did this.
Did what?
Parked at Franklin and chilled.
No.
I don't really do this anymore.
So what the fuck is up with Nikki?
Well. she hasn't really told many people this. but...
her dad is dying.
So. you know. it's pretty...
Isn't she. like. not close with him at all?
No. they're close now. so...
you know. painful.
I thought she hated her dad.
No. she doesn't.
I really do hope she figures it out.
I mean. she seems pretty fucked up.
And I also don't think it's right that she's leaning on you.
Especially since her and...
I'm being there for her.
No. but that's not your responsibility. Bear.
She needs therapy.
It's not right.
And I don't think it's okay that she's taking advantage of you.
I don't think she's taking advantage of me.
Hey. so I. um...
I got my letter.
Your letter from Luther?
Yeah. my last chance.
Figured we could open it together.
Oh. shit.
Maybe my dad will let me tattoo his successful daughter where his hairline's supposed to start.
Um. can I pay you to do that?
We can take him to sleep.
I have sleeping pills in my pocket.
We can literally take a flight.
You wanna open this thing. or...? I need to tell you some things.
What?
I promised Ian I wouldn't tell you this.
Tell me what?
Bear. Ian and Nikki have been hooking up on and off for. like. two years.
It's super casual and not romantic.
He thinks that she's dating you to get back at him.
But even if she's not. it's kind of a shame. you know?
I think you need someone more chill.
Like you.
Um...
I mean. I was to your left.
What?
The game.
Oh.
I was to your left.
You were supposed to kiss me.
I'm so sorry you had to see that. baby. but it is kind of your fault.
Just remember that you wanted this. but I'm so happy you did.
I'm so happy you did. baby.
Oh. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
Oh.
Honey. breathe. breathe.
It's okay.
It's okay. honey.
I've got you.
We need each other.
But you're going to have to help me get rid of her body.
No.
Yes. yes. honey.
Honey. I know.
I know. I know. I know. I know.
Listen.
This is all your fault.
Sarah's your fault.
You wanted this.
You wished for this.
But. baby. we can fix this.
I'll fix this with you.
I'm not going anywhere.
She's ready. baby.
Why don't you go home?
I'll take her from here.
No!
Excuse me.
Where are the. um. willowish willows?
Willowish willows.
What?
It looks like this. but it's like a. uh. it's like you make a wish and you break it.
They were right there.
They were over there in the corner.
The one-wish willows!
What's a one-wish willow?
First of all. sir. don't come here with this.
It is too early.
And second of all. I'm fucking with you.
They're right here.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
You made a shitty wish. and now you want to reverse it.
But you can't come in here with this energy. man.
Did you call the number on the back?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm sorry.
Me?
How could you sell this to people?
The box was full of warnings. man.
Fuck you!
Hey. fuck you. man!
Don't storm in here with this energy. man.
I'm sorry.
But nobody would buy it.
Oh. shit.
Oh. God.
What did you do?
I'm sorry.
She's obsessed with me.
Oh.
Oh. it's not so bad.
No. something bad happened.
I'm sorry.
I need to reverse it.
No.
No. no. no. no.
I need to reverse it.
You can make a wish.
I already used my wish.
Oh. please.
What the fuck do I do?
Oh. maybe. maybe if someone else made a wish that contradicts your wish. I mean. maybe you could ask her.
And since it's for you. she just might do it.
Or you could die.
I mean. you could kill yourself.
Yeah. I'm just a bit bald here.
You know what I mean?
Only love is a friend.
You in?
I texted you 50 times.
Jesus Christ. Bear. what the?
So you know how Nikki. all of a sudden. all of a sudden. oh shit.
Is she okay?
Yes. but she's just gonna be like.
Why start texting me. man?
She wants me to come over to your place.
She's texting you over and over. like all this weird shit.
Fuck.
What's happening?
Oh. fuck.
What the fuck is happening?
Is it you?
Is it you. okay?
Do not come over.
Okay.
Bear. Bear. tell me what the fuck is happening right now!
Fuck. okay. okay. okay.
So. Nikki. she started liking me out of nowhere.
All of a sudden. then acting weird.
Yes or no?
Bear. what the fuck are you gonna tell me right now. man?
Is she okay?
I. I made a wish.
I broke this piece of wood.
At first. I didn't think it was real. okay?
I was confused. but this is real.
This is fucking real.
Okay. okay. okay.
You can make a wish. and you. you can make one wish. and it is real. and it will work.
I made a wish.
I didn't think it would work.
I wished that Nikki would love me. but it worked.
Think about it. dude.
Think about how she's been acting lately.
Think about how drastically she changed.
What. what did you take her to?
Like a. a. a. a psychic?
What?
What. what did you do. a fucking program?
No. no. fuck. there's not a fucking program. Ian.
I don't know. it's God fucking magic.
Is this a joke to you?
No. this is real.
This?
Yeah. be careful.
Yes. it's real.
It's fucking real. Ian.
I made a wish. and it's fucking horrible.
Then make another fucking wish. man.
You can't. you can't. because you only get one wish.
Oh. you only get one. okay. yeah.
That makes sense.
One wish. but it's real.
It's real.
So I need you to make a wish.
I need you to wish that I never made a wish. okay?
And then you can be with Nikki.
Oh. oh. so. so. so that. that's what you're talking about?
I don't give a fuck about that. dude.
I was gonna tell you.
Seriously. just open the box. and then just be careful about how you word it.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. dude. stop.
Okay. I need you to say. I wish my friend Bear.
I wish for a billion dollars.
No!
Nikki. you'll do anything for me. right?
I need you to do something for me.
No. I can't. you!
Oh. God!
Oh. God. I don't want to eat that.
Yeah. open the door.
I got like a billion dollars. dude. it's real.
No. no!
Yeah. what's going on?
I don't want to see Bear.
No ...
I'm going to rip my eyes out of my fucking skull and shove the barrel of my pussy back in your ass!
I love you.
I love you. I love you!
You're dead.
Oh. I knew you were dead.
I love you so much. baby.
You owe me that.
It's okay. baby. we're gonna make this work.
I'll make this work.
You have to.
I will. baby.
I will.
I'm gonna make this work.
You have to.
I'm sorry for this. dear.
It's okay. son.
I don't know why I do that.
It's okay. sweetie.
I love you.
I love you so much.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. baby.
I'm gonna be pretty again.
You're so beautiful.
I know.
You're the most beautiful girl in the entire world.
Yeah?
Yeah. baby.
We are gonna be together forever.
What?
What's wrong. baby?
You shook your head.
No. I didn't.
Why'd you shake your head?
I was just thinking that we should freshen up and eat.
Okay.
Let's go.
Come on.
I know you.
No!
Just give me a second to freshen up.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
No!
Baby. just give me a second.
I love you.
I love you so much.
Carol. what are you doing?
I love you.
Nothing.
Thank you.
I love you.
Oh shit!
Hey baby. I was thinking maybe we should break up.
Shit.
You hear that?
If this is what we need. then take it!
It's gonna be okay!
You hear that?
We can take space!
Take space!
No!
What did you do?